---
layout: page
title: How to Join
permalink: join/

---

MakeHackVoid depends on financial contributions from members to pay for the
facilities it provides; and volunteer hours to keep the space maintained. 
Most of those contributions are though membership payments. Joining
MakeHackVoid involves filling in a sign up form, agreeing to our community
rules & guidelines. For those who are able, we ask that you pay a monthly
contribution to the running costs. Most people pay $30 a month using a
scheduled payment through their online banking. There are also donation
boxes in the space if regular payments are difficult for you.

MakeHackVoid also recognises & highly values the non-fiscal contributions of
our members through working bees; administrative tasks; and providing a
clean, safe and welcoming environment for members and guests.

# How to become a Member

Joining is really easy 

1. Fill in the membership form  [Google Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Yu7iUOJPQHefiLgDue3oAbMBu-4s87f_tygPlz5Isw0/viewform)

2. Check out [the rules](http://wiki.makehackvoid.com/policy:rules_draft) of the Makerspace (including conditions of membership) and make sure that you agree to abide by them. That’s important for everyone’s safety and enjoyment.

3. If possible, please set up a regular bank transfer your membership payment:

    + Name: Make Hack Void Inc
    + BSB : 012951
    + Account No: 250992065

    Please use the name we will know you as in the payment description.

4. Get down to the space and hack on stuff!

# How to get a key

Once you have been a part of the MakeHackVoid community for a while, you can
get a key to the space so you to open the space whenever they you want. It
does come with some responsibilities, as other members are depending on key
holders to open the space and lock up again when everyone leaves, we ask
that you announce your plans to open the space on the makers mailing list
and add an item in the [calendar](/#calendar).

Keys are handed out by the committee and require three members who already
have keys to vouch for you on the committee mailing list. Often people who
have been active for a while get offered keys and the people vouching for
them handle the administrative side, but you're welcome to approach the
committee or other members if you're ready to get a key. 

# FAQ

## Can anyone become a member?
Anyone over 18 can become a Member.

## If I don't have a key, how often is the space open for me?

At the moment the space is open regularly nearly every Tuesday &amp;
Wednesday evening, most Sunday afternoons, and many Saturdays. Plus often at
other times. If you join the [Makers mailing list](/mailman/listinfo/makers)
then you’ll see posts when people plan to open the space, or when the space
is open. See also the [calendar](/#calendar) for organised openings.

## What about Makers under 18 (minors)?

Due to our insurance, only those 18 &amp; over may use tools at MHV.
Although they cannot become members, minors are welcome at Maker Meetups, or
for social visits in the meeting area &amp; couches.

Those under 16 can visit the space when accompanied by a responsible adult
who takes responsibility for their safety &amp; conduct.

## I have another question.
You can email the MHV Treasurer -
[treasurer@makehackvoid.com](mailto:treasurer@makehackvoid.com), email the
MHV Secretary -
[secretary@makehackvoid.com](mailto:secretary@makehackvoid.com), and/or
email the [Makers Mailing list](/mailman/listinfo/makers/).

